Week 1

Attended two group meetings to discuss project ideas to work on.
Decided on scrum master and allotted tasks for the project.
Setup a work enviornment on Jira and Github
Created User Stories and Epics on Jira

Week 2

Worked on some more user stories
Decided on sprints and planned the timeline
started working on an initial draft for project proposal
Brainstorming novel functionalities for the project
Decided to use React for frontend development

Week 3

Completed and submitted the project propsal
completed initial set up for the frontend end development
Decided on Novel functionalities for the project and added them to the sprints
Started learning and developing system UI in react.js for user stories in Jira

Week 4
Completed the front end development for login page
Completed integrating API calls to mongo DB backend
started working on handling reviews from users.

Week 5
Created front end interface to add reviews to any movie
Created restrictions for guest users to add movies.
created edge conditions for login page and user reviews.

Week 6
Attended Our first Demo and presented the progress of the project.
Attended our first retrospective meeting and scrutionized on pending tasks
Talked about increasing the sprint velocity and pushing project progress.
Started working on creating movie Watch list for Users.

Week 7
Created watchlist page where users can add movies to thier watchlist.
Implemented banned list page where users can add other users to thier banned list.
Implemented adding reviews to the movie with a star rating

Week 8
Worked on implementing notifications where users can be notified about any changes from other users.
Started working on Recommendations and tried to implement Speech recognition to the search menu for ease of access
Researched about adding semetiment analysis to the reviews and displaying additional statistics about the movie.

Week 9
Completed implementing recommnedations to personalize the experience for the user.
Added recommendations on the movie details page so that the user can select the attributes like genre and descriptions.
Could not implement Speech Recognition as it was not supported in other browsers except chrome
Could not implement sentiment analysis as I could not get enough support from backend team.
Started working on the Final Report


